# Feature Requests

Add your desired features below. When you're done, let me know and I'll review them and create an implementation plan.

## How to Use
- Add each feature as a numbered item under "Requested Features"
- Include as much or as little detail as you'd like
- Mark priority if you have a preference (High / Medium / Low)

---

## Requested Features

1. on POS - update status bar to not only show the WS name, the Employee signed in, but add the date & time (based on the pc date & time) and add the customer enviorment and RVC name  that we are signed into
2. Font on POS sign in screen and transactions screen all screen seem small , ive loaded the windows app onto ws and a kds and the foint is small not only for the SLU and meu ikeys but check detail as well.  anyway to add  or increase teh size to all pos and kds pages
3. i logged not EMC as Mysa Tran, she shoudl only be assigned to BOM enterprise,  whne i go to the properties tab in EMC she can see all propertiues inclding Mamma Mia which is NOT part of her enviorment  she should only see the enviorment and properties assigned to her enviorment , she can also see SLU that are not assined to her enviorment, modifiers, modifier groupos, 
workstation printers, kds,order devices, print classes,   under descriptors the enterpirse shows no enterpise selected but up to i have bnlue ocean management selected, pos layouts i see mama mima sign in logo i shoudl only see pos layouts for the envirment in assigend too.  tax groups im seeing mama mia tax groups , i assume same for discount, service charges , major group family groups, gift cards i shoudl only se ethe data sold, relaoded at my enterpises and locations. loyalty teh same i shoudl only see whats at my enterpise.  employees as well i shoudl only se eat my ent and locations. also not the filter up top on thes epages doe not work when i filter by property then rvc , jobs i shoudl only se ethe jobs at my enterpise/locations , roles and privleges i shoud only se emy at my ent/locations overtie rules only my ent/locations break rules only my ent/locations , tip rules only my ent/location. time card when i select the property im seeing mamam mima which i shoudl not as i shoudl only see my locations scheduling as well i can see mama mima and i should not line up i can select mama mima and iu shoudlnt be able too , break monitoring i shoudl only see my locations , break violations my locations only minor labor only y locations reports im able to see mama mina from drop down and i shoudlnt all of teh repports dashbaord, labor timecard tip popoling labor analyis forecasting i can see momma mia and i shouldnt , fiscal close i can see momma mina, cahs manamgement online ordering , inventory, item avaiolability, manager alerts accounting export, utilities all of these EMC pages the user Mysa is able to see or sleect a property that is not assocauited with her account her role is enterpise admin but that should only be fer her enterprise ONLY.  maybe we need to review the role enterise admin the like the owner of a company that has multipl elocations they manage their enterpise, System Admin shodl be a role just for me the owner of the POS pruduct where i can see and access all enterpises. property admin woudl be like for a GM or head manager at a location who can do some pos configiurations., something broke with the publismnet of app as the filter by Ent ID/location ID across all emc pagesis broken.  
